Added Expo web support page (#1265)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/expo/expo-web-support.mdx

## Create a new project with web support

If you're starting from scratch, you can follow the [Expo quickstart](https://clerk.com/docs/quickstarts/expo), which showcases how to create a sign-in and sign-up page with the same code for all platforms Expo supports.

## Add web support to an existing project

If you already have an Expo project and want to add web support, you must first ensure that your Clerk [custom flows](/docs/custom-flows/overview) do not use any native-specific code. Either adjust your existing custom flows, create new flows specifically for the web, or use Clerk's [prebuilt UI components](/docs/components/overview).

> [!WARNING]
> Clerk prebuilt components are only available on the web platform. If you're using Expo for iOS or Android, you'll need to build components using [custom flows](/docs/custom-flows/overview).

### Build sign in and sign up pages with prebuilt components on web

This guide shows you how to use the [`<SignIn />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in) and [`<SignUp />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-up) prebuilt components in order to build custom sign-in and sign-up pages for your Expo web app.

> For this guide we will leverage [Expo Router](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction/) and the [platform-specific extensions](https://docs.expo.dev/router/create-pages/#platform-specific-extensions) to build the sign-in and sign-up pages specifically for the web platform.

Reviewer: This should be the first step - to install the appropriate dependencies.

<Steps>
  ### Build a sign-up page

>   Create a new file `sign-up.web.tsx`, which will be used to render the sign-up page. In the file, import the [`<SignUp />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-up) component from `@clerk/clerk-expo/web` and render it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to render the [`<SignUp />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-up) component.
```

  ```tsx filename="/app/sign-up.web.tsx"
  import { SignUp } from '@clerk/clerk-expo/web'

  export default function Page() {
    return <SignUp />
  }
  ```

  ### Build a sign-in page

>   Create a new file `sign-in.web.tsx`, which will be used to render the sign-in page. In the file, import the [`<SignIn />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in) component from `@clerk/clerk-expo/web` and render it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to render the [`<SignIn />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in) component.
```

  ```tsx filename="/app/sign-in.web.tsx"
  import { SignIn } from '@clerk/clerk-expo/web'

  export default function Page() {
    return <SignIn />
  }
  ```

  ### Visit your new pages

>   Run your project with the following terminal command from the root directory of your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run your project, use the following command:
```

  <CodeBlockTabs type="installer" options={["npm", "yarn", "pnpm"]}>
    ```bash filename="terminal"
    npm run web
    ```

    ```bash filename="terminal"
    yarn web
    ```

    ```bash filename="terminal"
    pnpm web
    ```
  </CodeBlockTabs>

  Visit your new custom pages locally at [localhost:8081/sign-in](http://localhost:8081/sign-in) and [localhost:8081/sign-up](http://localhost:8081/sign-up).
</Steps>

## More resources

> You can also learn more about Clerk components and how to customize them and also how build custom authentication flows, and how to use Clerk's client side helpers. The following guides will help you get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following guides to learn more about Clerk components, how to customize them, and how to use Clerk's client side helpers.
```

<div className="container mx-auto my-4">
  <div className="grid grid-cols-1 gap-6 md:grid-cols-2">
    <Cards

>       title="Prebuilt Components"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title="Prebuilt components"
```

      description="Learn more about Clerk's suite of components that let you quickly add authentication to your app."
      link="/docs/components/overview"
      cta="Learn More"
    />

    <Cards
      title="Customization & Localization"
      description="Learn how to customize and localize Clerk components."
      link="/docs/components/customization/overview"
      cta="Learn More"
    />

>     <Cards
>       title="Custom flows"
>       description="Learn how to build custom authentication flows."
>       link="/docs/custom-flows/overview"
>       cta="Learn More"
>     />

Reviewer: I wouldn't link people to custom flows - we only want people to use custom flows for advanced situations. We don't want to advertise them

```suggestion
```

Author: Yeah but for Expo it's the only way right now in order to build universal apps

    <Cards

>       title="Client Side Helpers"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title="Client side helpers"
```

---
description: Add web support to your Expo project with Clerk.
---

# Expo web support

> Expo provides a way to [develop web applications](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/web/) using the same codebase as your iOS and Android apps. Clerk supports web applications built with Expo, allowing you to use Clerk's prebuilt components to add authentication and user management to your web app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expo provides a way to [develop web applications](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/web/) using the same codebase as your iOS and Android apps. Though Clerk prebuilt components cannot be used in native apps, they can be used in web applications built with Expo.
```

> ## Creating a new project with web support
> 
> If you're starting from scratch, you can follow the [Expo quickstart](https://clerk.com/docs/quickstarts/expo), the quickstart showcases how to create a sign-in and sign-up page with the same code for all platforms Expo supports.

Reviewer: Removing the use of gerunds (-ing) from headings

```suggestion
## Create a new project with web support

If you're starting from scratch, you can follow the [Expo quickstart](https://clerk.com/docs/quickstarts/expo), which showcases how to create a sign-in and sign-up page with the same code for all platforms Expo supports.
```

> ## Adding web support to an existing project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add web support to an existing project
```

> If you already have an Expo project and want to add web support, you must first ensure that your Clerk custom flows do not use any native-specific code. If you have any native-specific code, in your custom flows, you will need to adjust it to work on the web, otherwise you will have to create a new custom flow specifically for the web or use the [prebuilt UI components](http://localhost:3000/docs/components/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have an Expo project and want to add web support, you must first ensure that your Clerk [custom flows](/docs/custom-flows/overview) do not use any native-specific code. Either adjust your existing custom flows, create new flows specifically for the web, or use Clerk's [prebuilt UI components](/docs/components/overview).
```

> ## Use prebuilt components on web
> 
> <Callout type="warning">
> Clerk prebuilt components are only available on the web platform. If you're using Expo for iOS or Android, you'll need to build components using [custom flows](https://clerk.com/docs/custom-flows/overview).
> </Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> Clerk prebuilt components are only available on the web platform. If you're using Expo for iOS or Android, you'll need to build components using [custom flows](/docs/custom-flows/overview).
```

> ### Build sign in and sign up pages with prebuilt components on web

Reviewer: I'd actually make this a separate guide

> This guide shows you how to use the [`<SignIn />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in) and [`<SignUp />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-up) prebuild components in order to build custom sign-in and sign-up pages for your Expo web app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to use the [`<SignIn />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in) and [`<SignUp />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-up) prebuilt components in order to build custom sign-in and sign-up pages for your Expo web app.
```

---
description: Learn how to add web support to your Expo project with Clerk.
---

# Expo web support

Expo provides a way to [develop web applications](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/web/) using the same codebase as your iOS and Android apps. Clerk supports web applications built with Expo, allowing you to use Clerk's prebuilt components to add authentication and user management to your web app.

## Creating a new project with web support

If you're starting from scratch, you can follow the [Expo quickstart](https://clerk.com/docs/quickstarts/expo), which directs you to create custom flows that can be used on all platforms out of the box.

## Adding web support to an existing project

If you already have an Expo project and want to add web support, you must first ensure that your Clerk custom flows do not use any native-specific code. If you have any native-specific code, in your custom flows, you will need to adjust it to work on the web, otherwise you will have to create a new custom flow specifically for the web or use the [prebuilt UI components](http://localhost:3000/docs/components/overview).

## Use prebuilt components on web

> You can use Clerk's prebuilt components to add authentication and user management to your web app, make sure to follow the [Expo quickstart](https://clerk.com/docs/quickstarts/expo) if you start from scratch.

Reviewer 2: Since this was mentioned above, we probably don't need another direction to the quickstart. 

I see below we dive into how to import the components, but do we need to callout that we need to do platform checks and/or create the file with the `.web` extention? 

If that's the case, maybe we can mention that in this section?

Author: Thank you Dom, fixed!
